Jocelyn Corrales: Hi.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you hear me.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, I can hear you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. You can turn your video, please.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, good. See you now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, please state your name and your date of birth.
Timothy Kushner: Timothy Kushner January 11 2001
Jocelyn Corrales: Aki that screen on your chart now.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what what we're going to do today is that we're going to discuss your day to day activity. What you do in a day.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's do what's working well let's do, let's start with what's working well for you or what's working out for you. So actually what we're going to do is that
Jocelyn Corrales: This is for what we're going to do is that we're going to devise a plan for improving the quality of your life. So it is a work in progress that needs to be reviewed and updated regularly. So every 30 days. I'm going to revisit you or
Jocelyn Corrales: Check on you to check, you know, to update you regularly to check if the plan that we have device.
Jocelyn Corrales: If it's working out for you or not. So let's start with what's working out for you.
Timothy Kushner: Okay, okay, what's working for me is outside and exercising.
Timothy Kushner: Managing my time and
Timothy Kushner: Just making sacrifices
Timothy Kushner: Like I'm doing stuff that's requested of me while I'm in the house to keep my mind off of things that got me unsolvable.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you live with your parents right now.
Timothy Kushner: Yes, I do.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you go outside managing your time in doing stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: To keep your mind off things
Timothy Kushner: Like just helping around the house or helping with groceries, you know, going on the wall.
Timothy Kushner: You know, staying safe and doing correct clothing activities that keep me sober.
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what time do you usually wake up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wake up.
Timothy Kushner: I'm around like seven to 9am and between that I'm getting pretty good.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: To hear your weekend. What really
Timothy Kushner: Yeah yeah I like waking up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, just like
Timothy Kushner: Natural circadian rhythm.
Timothy Kushner: Body clock than that.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you don't need to change the thing I think it's good that you're waking up early and are you able to, you know, take a shower. Take a bath, brush your teeth every day.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And the Andy Do you do that after waking up or after you eat breakfast.
Timothy Kushner: Um, I brush my teeth that I eat breakfast usually
Timothy Kushner: I don't like brushing my teeth and and eating and then having
Timothy Kushner: Yeah stuff and my cheese.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, sir.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you take a bath at the same time, when you brush your teeth.
Timothy Kushner: Know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Before you
Timothy Kushner: After weekends. I don't. I like to conserve water but I take showers. I don't really
Timothy Kushner: take baths, because my house doesn't have like
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you take showers every day.
Timothy Kushner: I'm not every day but I tried to
Timothy Kushner: Just depends. Like if I'm clean or not.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you take your meals on you know you eat breakfast, lunch and dinner. Do you take your meals on time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you miss meals.
Timothy Kushner: Sometimes I intentionally Miss meals, because I like intermittent fasting, because when you every day, your system here clogged and like your energy levels can be data, especially when you're on medication.
Jocelyn Corrales: And when you're doing intermittent fasting. How many meals. Do you eat today.
Timothy Kushner: Um, well, I'll have like wanted to regular meals and then I'll snack. If I'm hungry to maintain energy, but I would not eat after 7pm.
Timothy Kushner: I was fasting that they're
Jocelyn Corrales: And eat snacks in between if you're hungry.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. And are you eating healthy meals in healthy snacks.
Timothy Kushner: Yes, I
Jocelyn Corrales: Such ask you, could you mentioned to me. What type of meals, they should eat.
Timothy Kushner: I will we have fresh Turkey meals.
Timothy Kushner: In the house like result though things have high fiber just
Timothy Kushner: By like good nutritional content.
Timothy Kushner: Like it doesn't
Timothy Kushner: It doesn't have to be like anything special, but obviously like junk food is isn't good for you. It's in their gas.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. And you're not eating junk food. Yeah. Okay. That's good to hear.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you smoke.
Timothy Kushner: No I don't smoke.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have pains or anything in general.
Okay Sadie's
Timothy Kushner: No anxiety.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what time d surely sleep.
Timothy Kushner: Around nine to 11pm depending
Timothy Kushner: On my day. But, you know, just depends, if I have anything important
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me see. Surely around that time nine to 11pm. Yeah. And are you having trouble sleeping.
Timothy Kushner: I am not.
Timothy Kushner: But you know, I just don't like being on the bipolar meds.
Because there's some
Jocelyn Corrales: Yo,
You're sleepy.
Timothy Kushner: Sleepy. It's just like
Timothy Kushner: They're not good for my digestive system.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. That's why you're on an intermittent fasting, because of the medications that you take
Timothy Kushner: Exactly. It's something I don't want to be on all my life.
Jocelyn Corrales: Before medication, were you doing intermittent fasting, then
Timothy Kushner: Yes, I was. And I was helping a lot. I thought were better like that, it was just my decision making that
Timothy Kushner: Led me to be in this therapy session but you know just depends how you approach it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what time do you usually take your medications for bipolar.
Timothy Kushner: Um, well, I have a morning medicine ritual and a evening to because that's the time period that you take the medicine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, are you advice to take the medications with food, or you can take it anytime you want.
Timothy Kushner: Of with food and water.
Timothy Kushner: Not on an empty stomach.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you exercise every day.
Timothy Kushner: I tried to. Yeah.
Timothy Kushner: Like yeah just walks or riding a bike going on around stuff like playing like basketball.
Jocelyn Corrales: walking, biking play
Jocelyn Corrales: Basketball.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what do you like to do, you know, What are your hobbies and your interests.
Timothy Kushner: Well, those are my hobbies and my interest.
Jocelyn Corrales: My game playing basketball.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, and I enjoy working too well that's a, that's a career but you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Like, like what what what
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you currently working on
Timothy Kushner: Oh, I'm my profession as a cast.
Timothy Kushner: Play reading to embed like that's what I do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you repeat it again. I didn't hear that.
Timothy Kushner: I like reading books.
Timothy Kushner: And I had been reading so
Jocelyn Corrales: Could you could you tell me again. What's your profession.
Timothy Kushner: I'm a cashier at it goes
Jocelyn Corrales: And you like reading
Timothy Kushner: Yes. Okay. This
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're currently not working right now.
Timothy Kushner: I am because they let me work.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what we're
Jocelyn Corrales: Mentally, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your work starts at 11 in the morning and ends at around what time
7pm.
Timothy Kushner: I'm working an eight hour shift.
Jocelyn Corrales: 7pm. And do you have work today.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: 7am and ants at
Timothy Kushner: 7pm 11am
Jocelyn Corrales: I sorry I mean 11am. I mean, sorry.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to your mental health.
Jocelyn Corrales: What do you do to you know to keep your moods regulated or how do you manage your moods, or the CDC, have you know in distress or any stresses. How do you manage you
Timothy Kushner: Um, let's talk it out. I think about things before I see them breathe and I don't let little things cause big emotions like I just
Timothy Kushner: And just, you know, thinking about things and
Jocelyn Corrales: Like
Timothy Kushner: Like not letting like a rigger like renewing, you know,
Timothy Kushner: Like, like a triggers and emotions and stuff like I just got to be careful about what I do and stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's like before your
Jocelyn Corrales: Before you wanted to say anything, do you try to, you know, think about it. You tried to stop before speaking and think about it so that you know
Jocelyn Corrales: You'll be able to see any hurt roof air any hurtful words. So it's like, are you doing self reflection, something like that.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, I'm doing self reflection.
Timothy Kushner: I plan. I like planning things out now more organized
Timothy Kushner: So,
Timothy Kushner: I don't let
Timothy Kushner: Underlying circumstances room, my professional nature.
Timothy Kushner: Stover after take a shower.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think you will be late for work.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, it's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: We could actually do this some other time. Just in case you have to be somewhere.
Timothy Kushner: I can be. I can give you like five more minutes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because actually,
Jocelyn Corrales: This actually takes around and are
Jocelyn Corrales: In it, we're not
Jocelyn Corrales: We're not actually have we done
Jocelyn Corrales: So maybe we could, I could reschedule the actually
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, we can keep the appointment going on different damn Monday, so
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have work on Monday, or what time
Timothy Kushner: I don't have. I don't have working with there.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK. Okay, we could actually do we could actually see each other on Monday and wait let me see. Oh no, I have a full
Jocelyn Corrales: full load on Monday and Tuesday to work on Tuesday.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, work on Tuesday.
Timothy Kushner: 1130 to 730 and
Jocelyn Corrales: The same thing on Wednesday. Right.
Timothy Kushner: Wednesday, I don't have work.
Jocelyn Corrales: We could do Wednesday.
Timothy Kushner: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Same time, would you like the same time would you like around
Jocelyn Corrales: 12 or, you know, either in the afternoon.
A
Timothy Kushner: 12 is fine. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, good to 12 I'll see you again. Let's finish this on.
Jocelyn Corrales: On Wednesday. Wednesday at 12
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, because I don't think we will be able to finish this today because you also have work. It's fine, it's fine. I could just meet you again on Wednesday. Okay.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you, Timothy. See you.
Jocelyn Corrales: On Wednesday, okay.
Timothy Kushner: Thank you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you. Bye.
Bye.